Update api-management-howto-mutual-certificates-for-clients.md (#113636)
Azure/azure-content: articles/api-management/api-management-howto-mutual-certificates-for-clients.md

You can also create policy expressions with the [`context` variable](api-management-policy-expressions.md#ContextVariables) to check client certificates. Examples in the following sections show expressions using the `context.Request.Certificate` property and other `context` properties.

> [!NOTE]

> > Mutual certificate authentication might not function correctly when the API Management gateway endpoint is exposed through the Application Gateway. This is because Application Gateway functions as a Layer 7 load balancer, establishing a distinct SSL connection with the backend API Management service. Consequently, the certificate attached by the client in the initial HTTP request will not be forwarded to APIM. However, as a workaround, you can transmit the certificate using the server variables option. For detailed instructions, refer to [Mutual Authentication Server Variables](../application-gateway/rewrite-http-headers-url.md#mutual-authentication-server-variables)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Mutual certificate authentication might not function correctly when the API Management gateway endpoint is exposed through the Application Gateway. This is because Application Gateway functions as a Layer 7 load balancer, establishing a distinct SSL connection with the backend API Management service. Consequently, the certificate attached by the client in the initial HTTP request will not be forwarded to APIM. However, as a workaround, you can transmit the certificate using the server variables option. For detailed instructions, refer to [Mutual Authentication Server Variables](../application-gateway/rewrite-http-headers-url.md#mutual-authentication-server-variables).
```

> > Mutual certificate authentication might not function correctly when the API management gateway endpoint is exposed through the Application Gateway. This is because Application Gateway functions as a Layer 7 load balancer, establishing a distinct SSL connection with the backend APIM service. Consequently, the certificate attached by the client in the initial HTTP request will not be forwarded to APIM. However, as a workaround,  you can transmit the certificate using the server variables option. For detailed instructions, refer to the Azure documentation: [`Mutual Authentication Server Variables`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/application-gateway/rewrite-http-headers-url#mutual-authentication-server-variables)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Mutual certificate authentication might not function correctly when the API Management gateway endpoint is exposed through the Application Gateway. This is because Application Gateway functions as a Layer 7 load balancer, establishing a distinct SSL connection with the backend API Management service. Consequently, the certificate attached by the client in the initial HTTP request will not be forwarded to APIM. However, as a workaround, you can transmit the certificate using the server variables option. For detailed instructions, refer to [Mutual Authentication Server Variables](../application-gateway/rewrite-http-headers-url.md#mutual-authentication-server-variables)
```

Reviewer 2: I suggested a few copyedits
